#To Do

##Store Module
1. Create sample fb like page for store owner.
2. Inlcude like button & display its count
3. Show help link to create fb like page \n
4. Validation for Store Image

##Product Module
1. Show publish button, if store owner has fb like page.
2. Able to publish product listing with appropriate template on fb page
3. Create a sample Store Admin facebook like page
4. if premium user, its product will be published on Store admins fb page \n
5. Search within Store \n
6. Validation for Products' Images

##Reviews Module
1. Bold the Max Count of Review

##Follow Store - Use separate model for Followers
1.Visitor click on button.
2.It popups a window to add city & email --> Submits
3.Both Fields are compulsory
4.Email notifications are sent weekly - Product's list of particular store
5.It must have a boolean for unsubscription

##My Competitors
1.Show prices of products of other stores within 300 miles.
2.This will shown on products page

##Weekly Deals - Big Deals
1.To make existing as store owner specific.
2.If the deal matches to any follower's city. Send them email notification.

##Analytics Module
1. Implement NV-d3 for featured product statistics - by month
You can use Groupby gem to group dates to months

##Real Shopping Assistance
For premium users, Implement a Chat Funcationality
1. If store owner is online - he will respond or user can drop a message
2. There must be archived chats displayed.
3. User when click on chat, adds email & city, which adds to followers table
with the store id

##Product info - Nutch _ Elastic_Search
1.Based on search results, show prices of other e-commerce
sites
This will be the last module to implement after design integration.

##Design Integration Pages + Email
1.Must not make view with lots of code.
2.Use Helper methods precisely.
3.Oprimise the images, if loading time is high.
4.Use Page-Speed or Yslow while integrating the design

##Payment Integration


Completed Tasks:
##Store Module
Update Co-ordinates on store edit & new

##Store SEO - The spider of your store
a. Meta Keywords - Category, Subcategory, store name, store name city
Meta Keywords automatically gets updated with above factors
b. Meta Description - Store owner will add it
This section will be dynamic meta tags of store owner's page.

##Product Module
Create Product List Functionlaity
Search products within Store

Product has already the meta keywords & description.
Meta Keywords -populates -->"category, subcategory, subcategory city,
store owner name city, product name city" & then store owners adds it.
Meta Description: if not added would be 50 words of product description.